Now it 's time friends as always
our report of the week
Uruguay is preparing for a new
Summer season 2013 comes loaded with
some uncertainties the measures of
Argentine government for the exit of
currency from the neighboring country to the
world is one of the factors that the
Uruguayan government has concentrated and has
taken parallel measures to try to
neutralize that effect on the other hand it
is restoring connectivity with
the region after the closure of pluna but
however, the operators
Uruguayan tourists prepare
intensely so that this season of
summer of 2013 come loaded with the
successes that initially always
trace at the beginning of a period of this
nature
Piriápolis has been one of the points
always chosen by national tourism
and internationally and naturally there in
that majestic enclave loaded the
Traditional sun and beach tourism but
also of its rugged beauty of
mountains is an additional attraction that
for many it is an essential point to the
time to choose how to best spend your
vacation let's meet first
hand what are the components of this
next tourist season and summer in
this enclave of the department of
cursed by it the testimonies of
the operators are usually key and say
yes
to see how they are planned and what
surprise brings us 2013 in terms of
summer for tourists we invite you
then to know them through the
report of the week taking advantage of this
opportunity where we are accompanied by
so many journalists
that always help you and spread everything
what we do and take advantage of
for what it is to reaffirm and follow
consolidating the process system
promotion this promotion campaign that
we call ride pilía oriented to
trade and tourism and afternoon
we know that they just benefit from
let's say they are worth more weight
for each person who has but as
identify businesses and how they are going
to implement good identification
of the trade just a sticker that
will be in very visible form in the
facade of the trade where it will be
exactly what we designed the PSOE
asked now with peer already on the ticket
1100 and 7,000 here you're worth 1100 with that going
to be identified and the implementation
very simple is identified through
a document that is Uruguayan or that
he has this who lives in uruguay too
with a Uruguayan certificate with that is enough
as to be the beneficiary of
those who grant this trade in
particular
ah
really the idea was a day of
party feast
a recognition of the support that the press
national has given us gives us and
surely we will continue to give in what
the promotion of this destination a day
in which they have contributed I create their granite
sand in all the merchants so much of
the hotel part of the restaurants
real estate centers have all had
his contribution for so that this day
Get out in the best way and luckily
this time has helped very good
way destiny to Piriápolis working
in a very conscious way since
already several months but today we saw products
quite special, tell us a little bit what
that we were seeing and more or less damage
ideas of value this first police of
investment this today we had the
opportunity to see the area of ​​farms
everything that is part of route 73 and
the surroundings of the sugar bread hill
with a product I would say unique at a
national but that is characterized by
have their hills that surround the bay the
beach only five minutes from the sea with
really views that are for
blind are the unique places and with a
price of the hectare really
accessible I believe if we compare with
other spas on the Uruguayan coast
we are still with affordable prices
a 5 hectare farm to have
an idea we are driving prices from
140 thousand dollars the farm of singstar is
that are 50 thousand meters plus or minus 28 thousand
dollars the hectare east with possibility
financing bank financing
own from the developers themselves as well
I say the idea is that people
anime come to know the place that
good is our function to make it known
and good that the possibility that the
people buy as I said another
journalist friend a place in the world a
very special place and talking about the place
in the world for foreigners and facing
one season we know that a
important agenda of several fairs and
several rooms where they will be giving us
a little bit the agenda for the summer
so is this good for those who do not know
a protour takes care of what is the
destination promotion production
tour
we are with an agenda now rank a
very busy agenda and we will participate
of the fit we will be in out in
Cordoba in Arabic in Rosario we are going to
be in gramado we will be in order
par in Paraguay and we will continue
making the strong promotion that we are
doing with your hand this to
national level this we will be
advancing the new edition of the paella
in a new format that will be in the
Piriápolis rambla this as our
star product this our little horse
of battle we call them for what
what is going to be the launch of the
season
ah
in this place with multiple proposals
the gastronomy obviously midday and
night in turn will open as payment to
the night not until late hours but
early
as the view here is very nice is
located on a large beach
a few blocks from what is the center
of servants piriápolis will devote to
the gastronomy and the pub at night
during the day
they will see events like championships
bollywood the surf championships themselves
what gastronomy is typical what
it's the restaurants reach
buenorra miniature fishing or cuttlefish
or in a special dish of the antrum of
mistri that we will be surprised with
some specialty of the chef you are
watching tv wii.com the Uruguayan channel
designed for internet